I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
George's New Dinosaur
George is playing with his favourite toy, Mr. Dinosaur.
George loves playing with Mr. Dinosaur.
Mr. Dinosaur is made of plastic.
It is almost impossible to break him.
Dinosaur! Grr…
George loves playing with Mr. Dinosaur in the bath.
At night time,
George always takes Mr. Dinosaur to bed with him.
Dinosaur! Grr…
George, Mr. Dinosaur is broken.
Oh.
Mr. Dinosaur does not have a tail anymore.
Poor George.
You have had Mr. Dinosaur a long time.
I'm surprised he lasted as long as he did.
Maybe it's about time you got a new dinosaur.
Yes, we can go to Mr. Fox's shop tomorrow.
This is Mr. Fox's shop.
Mr. Fox's shop sells everything.
I'm sure we'll find
you a lovely new dinosaur here, George.
Dinosaur!
George does not want a new dinosaur.
Look, George. A big dinosaur.
Oh! Dinosaur!
Good morning! Can I help you?
We'd like the dinosaur at the window, please.
Certainly!
Good choice. This is the Dino Roar.
It roars, it walks, and it sings a dinosaur song.
Dino Roar! Dino Roar! Listen to the Dino Roar! Roar!
Wow!
Dino Roar!
We'll take it.
Roar!
George is playing with Dino Roar in the garden.
Don't play too roughly with Dino Roar, George.
He has moving parts and might get broken.
George cannot play with Dino Roar in the garden.
George wants to play with Dino Roar in the bath.
George, if you get Dino Roar wet, he'll stop working.
George cannot play with Dino Roar in the bath.
It is night time.
George has taken Dino Roar to bed with him.
Roar!
Ah!
George! Dino Roar has woken me up.
Maybe Dino Roar should sleep somewhere else.
George cannot have Dino Roar in his bed at night.
It is morning.
Why is George looking so sad?
George cannot play with Dino Roar
in the garden, in the bath, or in bed.
Never mind, George. Dino Roar can still roar.
Dino Roar! Dino Roar! Listen to the Dino Roar! Roar!
Oh!
I think the batteries must run out, Daddy Pig.
Already? How many batteries are in here?
Hundreds and thousands.
Dino Roar needs lots of batteries to make him roar.
Oh, what's this?
A trumpet?
It doesn't work.
Dinosaur!
That's not a trumpet, Peppa.
You found Mr. Dinosaur's tail.
Oh!
Now, Daddy Pig can mend him.
I'll try. Mmm…
I think it might be quite difficult to mend.
Oh.
Daddy Pig has mended Mr. Dinosaur.
Hooray!
Oh-oh, I'm a bit of an expert at mending things.
George loves Mr. Dinosaur.
Dinosaur! Grr…
Dinosaur! Dinosaur! Hello, Mr. Dinosaur!
Grr…
Mr. Dinosaur is George's favourite toy
in the whole world.